Flexible plots (#4145)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/data-management/metrics-parameters-plots.md

> [pipeline from before](/doc/start/data-management/data-pipelines):

Reviewer: Let's add a final evaluation stage... -> add and run?

    - model.pkl
    - src/evaluate.py
  outs:
    - eval/importance.png
    - eval/live/plots:
        cache: false
    - eval/prc:
        cache: false
  metrics:
    - eval/live/metrics.json:
        cache: false
```

The biggest difference to previous stages in our pipeline is the new `metrics`
section. Metrics files contain scalar values (e.g. `AUC`) to compare across
iterations.

> > With `cache: false`, DVC skips caching the output, as we want these JSON
> > metrics and plots files to be versioned by Git.

Reviewer: Minor but good opportunity to use proper admons

```suggestion
<admon type="info">

With `cache: false`, DVC skips caching the output, as we want these JSON
metrics and plots files to be versioned by Git.

</admon>
```

[ROC-AUC](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/model_evaluation.html#receiver-operating-characteristic-roc)
and
[average precision](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/model_evaluation.html#precision-recall-and-f-measures)
for both train and test datasets to `eval/live/metrics.json`, which in turn is

> marked as a `metrics` file with `-M`. Its contents are:

Reviewer: We could just do this...

```suggestion
marked as a [metrics file] with `-M`. Its contents are:

[metrics file]:/doc/command-reference/metrics#supported-file-formats
```

```json
{
  "avg_prec": {
    "train": 0.9772271756725741,
    "test": 0.9449556493816984
  },
  "roc_auc": {
    "train": 0.9873675866013153,
    "test": 0.9619097316125981
  }
}
```

> > DVC doesn't force you to use any specific file names, nor does it enforce a
> > format or structure of a metrics file. It's completely user/case-defined.
> > Refer to `dvc metrics` for more details.

Reviewer: ...and skip this whole note (probably TMI for GS).

```suggestion
```

> You can view tracked metrics with DVC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view tracked metrics with `dvc metrics show `:
```

```dvc
$ dvc metrics show
Path                    avg_prec.test    avg_prec.train    roc_auc.test    roc_auc.train
eval/live/metrics.json  0.94496          0.97723           0.96191         0.98737
```

## Configuring plots

`evaluate.py` also writes `precision`, `recall`, and `thresholds` arrays
(obtained using

> [`precision_recall_curve`](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.precision_recall_curve.html))

Reviewer: Unrelated but is this parenthesis necessary?

into the plots files `eval/prc/train.json` and `eval/prc/test.json`:

> ```json

Reviewer: Q: Which one is seen in the sample below?

Author: TBH I don't know. It's only an example of the file structure. Does it matter whether it shows train or test metrics?

Reviewer: No. I just made it clearer that it applies to both in the follow-up. Thanks

Similarly, it writes arrays for the
[roc_curve](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.roc_curve.html)
and

> [confusion matrix](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.confusion_matrix.html)

Reviewer: 💅🏼 `roc_curve` and `confusion_matrix`

into JSON files in the `eval/live/plots` directory, and an image

> `eval/importance.png` with a feature importance bar chart for additional plots.

Reviewer: 💅🏼 and a `eval/importance.png` image showing...

Reviewer: > for additional plots

What does that mean? I.e. are they saved to another plots file? Which one?

Reviewer: p.s. More in general, if we could combine this paragraph with the previous one (before the code block), the section would be more readable: just a p and a code block before we get to the main point (configuring plots), next 👇🏼

Author: Specifying all the plots files in one paragraph is a good idea. Do you want to add that to #4207?

> To view plots, first configure the axes and other specifications of your plots
> by adding a `plots` section to your `dvc.yaml`:

Reviewer: Could also simplify this and link to the spec, like:

```suggestion
Before generating plots, you must configure their [rendering properties]:

[rendering properties]: /doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvcyaml-files#plots
```

```yaml
plots:
  - eval/importance.png
  - Precision-Recall:
      x: recall
      y:
        eval/prc/train.json: precision
        eval/prc/test.json: precision
  - ROC:
      x: fpr
      y:
        eval/live/plots/sklearn/roc/train.json: tpr
        eval/live/plots/sklearn/roc/test.json: tpr
  - Confusion-Matrix:
      template: confusion
      x: actual
      y:
        eval/live/plots/sklearn/cm/train.json: predicted
        eval/live/plots/sklearn/cm/test.json: predicted
```

> Now let's view the plots. You can run `dvc plots show` on your terminal (shown
> below), which generates an HTML file you can open in a browser. Or you can load

Reviewer: So should the section be called **Render plots** or **Configure and render plots**?

Also, 💅🏼 
```suggestion
To render them, you can run `dvc plots show` (shown below),
which generates an HTML file you can open in a browser. Or you can load
```

> your project in VS Code and use the [Plots Dashboard] of the [DVC Extension] to
> visualize them.

Reviewer: Unrelated but I just noticed that this is redundant:

```suggestion
your project in VS Code and use the [Plots Dashboard] of the [DVC Extension].
```
